Example showing UPDATE works with a record ID anywhere (#515)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: doc-surrealdb_versioned_docs/version-1.x/surrealql/statements/update.mdx

;
```

> `@target` refers to either record output including an `id` field, or even just a record ID on its own.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
`@target` refers to either record output including an `id` field, or a (record ID)[/docs/surrealdb/surrealql/datamodel/ids] on its own.
:::
```

## Example usage

The following query shows example usage of this statement.

```surql
-- Update all records in a table

> UPDATE person SET skills += 'breathing';

Reviewer: I wonder if we should leave this example as is because `SET` automatically creates an array.

Author: I guess either way has both good and bad points:

* Leave the brackets in: makes it clear that this is an array, but gives the impression that you need [] to make the query work
* Remove the brackets out: doesn't give the impression that [] is needed, but may not be clear to the reader that += alone will result in an array

Maybe a note above the line like this?
-- The `skills` field is an array<string>. The += operator alone is enough for SurrealDB to infer the type

;
```

:::note
`@target` refers to either record output including an `id` field, or a [record ID](/docs/surrealdb/surrealql/datamodel/ids) on its own.
:::
## Example usage

The following query shows example usage of this statement.

```surql

> -- Update all records in a table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- Update all records in a table
-- The skills field is an array. The += operator alone is enough for SurrealDB to infer the type
```

UPDATE person:tobie SET interests = ['skiing', 'music'] RETURN name, interests;
```

> An `UPDATE` statement will work on any value as long as is an `id` or contains an `id` field holding a record ID:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An `UPDATE` statement will work on any value as long as it is a record ID, or if it contains an `id` field which is a record ID:
```
